Vp v1/align request statements (#574)
Concordium/concordium-node-sdk-js: docs/pages/verifiable-presentations.md

- [JSON representation](#json-representation)
- [Verifiable Presentation Request (proof request)](#verifiable-presentation-request-proof-request)
- [Verifiable Presentation (proof)](#verifiable-presentation-proof)
- [Verifiable Audit Record](#verifiable-audit-record)
<!--toc:end-->

## Build Statement

The SDK contains a helper to create statements about identities, which can
then be proven.

To do so, use the _presentation request statement builder_, to build a statement:

{@codeblock ~~:nodejs/common/verifiable-credential-statements.ts#documentation-snippet}

### Identity/account credential statements

To build a statement against an identity credential, the builder has two different entrypoints, which
have an identical function signature, which consists of

1. A list of identity providers that the identity must be created from
2. A callback function which should be used to add statements for the credential

```ts
// used for proofs which are not tied to a specific account
builder.addAccountStatement([0,2].map(idp => new IdentityProviderDID('Testnet', idp)), (build) => ...)
// used for proofs tied to an account created from the identity credential.

> builder.addIdentityStatement([0,2].map(idp => new IdentityProviderDID('Testnet', idp)), (build) => ...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// used for proofs tied to an account created from the identity credential.
builder.addAccountStatement([0,2].map(idp => new IdentityProviderDID('Testnet', idp)), (build) => ...)
// used for proofs which are not tied to a specific account
builder.addIdentityStatement([0,2].map(idp => new IdentityProviderDID('Testnet', idp)), (build) => ...)
```

Author: thanks 😆

   a specific credential, e.g. from the users wallet.

When this is done for all credential statements in the request, we construct the _proof context_ corresponding to the
_request context_ of the request, specifying values for each requested context value in
`VerifiablePresentationRequestV1.Context.requested`.

```ts
// specify the resource ID from the connection to the requester of the proof
// the block hash is automatically derived from the request
const contextValues: GivenContext[] = [{label: 'ResourceID', context: ...}];

// The application holding the credentials selects the credentials to use and creates a DIDString from them.
// This will be a combination of the below, i.e. probably not all at once
const selectedCredentialIds: DIDString[] = [
    createIdentityStatementDID(...),
    createAccountDID(...),
    createWeb3IdDID(...),
];

// These are then paired with the statements from the verifiable presentation request to form the statements
// required for the verifiable presentation input:
const statements: VerifiablePresentationV1.Statement[] = selectedCredentialIds.map((id, i) => ({
    id,
    statement: presentationRequest.credentialStatements[i].statement

> }));

Author: Sure, I'll try to do something more sensible 🙂

// the inputs for the credential owned by the user, i.e. credential attribute values. For each
// `SpecifiedCredentialStatement`, there should be a corresponding input
const inputs: CommitmentInput[] = [
    createIdentityCommitmentInputWithHdWallet(...),
    createAccountCommitmentInputWithHdWallet(...),
    createWeb3CommitmentInputWithHdWallet(...)
];

const presentation = await VerifiablePresentationV1.createFromAnchor(
    grpcClient,
    presentationRequest,
    statements,
    inputs,
    contextValues
);

// verify the presentation elsewhere
const result = VerifiablePresentationV1.verifyWithNode(presentation, presentationRequest, grpcClient, network);
```

## Verifiable Audit Record

Services can opt in to create a _verification audit record_ from the _verifiable presentation request_ and corresponding
_verifiable presentation_. This exists as a record and a corresponding anchor. The record should be stored by the application,

> and the anchor should be registered on chain and stored with the record.

Author: Good point that the transaction hash of the anchor should be stored rather than the anchor. I would phrase this as

```suggestion
Services can opt in to create a _verification audit record_ from the _verifiable presentation request_ and corresponding
_verifiable presentation_. This exists as a record and a corresponding anchor. The record should be stored by the dapp backend (e.g. in a database),
and the anchor should be registered on chain. The transacton hash of the anchor registration should be stored along the record.
```
